Eugene do you know who's on the roster
of the team you're playing tomorrow does
it stop stop stop stop stop I figured it
out somebody told me
well I'm joined right now by doublelift
on the first day of na LCS with coverage
brought to you by Omni slash to talk
about their match so one point in time
you guys were similar to now I forget
what the final score was but it was
pretty devastating you told me about a
month ago that you want to destroy TSM's
legacy and make them regret every
decision they've ever made then you did
a players Tribune article where you I
think you said something like you want
to just annihilate them and make them
embarrassed have ever been seen a pullet
whatever you went really far in there do
you feel
I don't exaggerate a little bit so I
felt whatever I was like this is extreme
so you feel like you've done that now
it's just a regular season game like I
think it's the regular season always has
implications for playoffs but not it's
not like a direct one-to-one like oh
they to Odom in the regular season so
they're gonna smash them playoffs for me
like I think this particularly split as
with all splits it's just getting harder
and harder to secure like a place in the
finals or even a place in playoffs so
you know having that first strap first
seed and having to buy that's on our
sights for sure and being able to be TSM
like right away that puts us in like a
really good position because now every
other team has to play TSM so destroying
their legacy no this is just like one
you know really small step we gotta have
marathon to go through you and I got
dinner a while ago and during that time
there was a conversation where I think
it was like 1 or 2 your first couple
scrims and you're like feel all nervous
and then today and so I was like I'm not
sure about this match and then hunter
our mutual friend who runs golden
Guardians k-much me nice is that he
randomly bumped into you on your way to
the gym yeah and then you got out and
you're like yeah we're gonna win so what
changed to give you that confidence
before today's match I mean I just go in
every match believing I'm gonna win
that's that that's the thing is if
anyone asked me I'm never gonna say no
we're gonna lose for me like I actually
was really nervous and right before the
match we were backstage and I checked my
heart rate actually and it was just so
fast like doing like super nervous I
could feel like my heart's
it's fucking Jake and you know it's a
big match in like people there's so much
pressure and like everyone's talking
about it and and anytime I do an
interview like this people will talk
about like oh you wondered avenge you
really wanted revenge like and then the
community gets wondering why and then
the community gets behind that and
they're like do you think this is so
important to him he like needs to win
this so then I just feel like I need to
with this because like if that didn't
happen I would just be like oh that
sucks you know we lost to TSM but we'll
get him next time no it's like we have
to win so I guess that extra pressure
ended up helping me a lot so thanks guys
well you know why they say he really
wants revenge is because you say crazy
ass shit serious yeah well you know I
tend exaggerate things I mean it's all
good it's all good I talk shit but in
the end like I'm pretty cool with I hope
I'm pretty cool with everyone no one you
know gets their feelings hurt you know
so you said that your heart was racing
was this one of the more like most
nervous you've been for one of these
matches I mean even though it's regular
season yeah actually I always get
nervous a little bit before a game but
this one in particular I could feel like
I was like laying in bed last night just
think you'd be like oh my god like what
if we lose and and right before the
match my heart's going insane it
reminded me of actually worlds like
every time I play internationally and I
don't know much about the opponent I
don't know if we're gonna win
then I honestly like I get nervous you
know the day before right before the
match but then when I get onstage it's
all good it's just it really reminds me
of that because TSM really is a team
that no one has ever seen before like
they're not players that I've played
against very much and and everyone in na
should be like kind of afraid of an X
Factor because I know it like a good
example would be I know what I'm getting
into when I play cloud 9
cuz I played against those guys for so
long and I'd like my heart's just like
just totally normal I'm like barely I'm
barely loved I'm a life support in the
backstage but but uh you know sometimes
it it pumps up you I mean it's an
interesting situation that you find
yourself in because I think everybody
has been saying Oh
TSM TL these are the two best teams
hands-down which one is better who knows
now you've beaten TSM everybody's gonna
assume TL is now automatically the best
team in the league do you think that
that's a fair assessment so early that
tells the best
you know I play it on teams that shit
the bed in the regular season and we
made a miracle in playoffs like CLG I've
also played on teams that we struggled
in playoffs even though we were
dominating regular seasons like TSM so I
think for me I don't care if we're the
best right now
I'm only I only care if we're the best
in ten weeks when it really matters the
most obviously if we don't make playoffs
or we don't get the bye like top two
seeds that's gonna really hurt our
chances especially if we don't make
layoffs then we have a serious chance
but I've always tried to push my team
and just make sure that we're always the
best like not that oh we're okay with
the way we love well that we're at now
it's always about improvement every team
tries to do that but I think as I've
been LCS for so long and I've been on
top of my game for so long I think I'm
like I just have more experience doing
that so I just want the team to keep
looking forward and I think this is like
a really good spot for that with as
nervous as you are
I just interviewed Steve a little bit
ago I'm very curious how much do you
interact with Steve and how much did you
interact before this because he really I
mean I haven't seen him in like ten days
or two weeks or something like that
he's I'm sure he was really nervous
going with us because he and Andy have
been going back and forth so much and
they mean like this bet which I know
from your interview with Offaly that you
didn't know about but it's just
interesting to sort of see the mirror of
I think as much as you want to be TSM I
bet you Steve probably has a similar
situation that wasn't much of a question
so now I have to come up with a new one
no our and our theory said think about
that what what are your thoughts please
tell me Oh what next would you would you
reply next do you
yeah no I mean I think one of the things
that is interesting is sort of your
reunion with the CLG guys all right a
lot of players that you previously
played with on CLG how what is the team
chemistry like is it feel like it used
to whenever you were back on CLG with
these guys is it completely different
you know what's it like behind the
scenes yeah it's it feels really similar
to when I was on CLG Eugene is the exact
same actually as like a person outside
of the game he's like our sports
psychologist did a pee
on TL and he's like Yugi and I describe
him as someone who has a lot of quiet
strength that he's he's really quiet but
he's also she's powerful like in his
knowledge of the game and his mechanics
he's confident he does have quiet
strength like you don't see him bursting
out with like a motion but he's like a
really really good player and I would
also describe him as someone he's also
like really quiet funny like he's like
low-key funny
I love interviewing energy he is so
funny if you just got just like the
chance to tilt listen to him for a while
you'd be like this guy is a genius so I
love playing with him and he's one of my
favorite like people that I played with
throughout my career and same with Jake
like Jake is um man he's like we also
have Christ's strength no no no no but
what Jake has is when he gets on camera
he gets tilted or something because he's
totally different on camera he's shy he
doesn't know what he's talking about
Jake is garbage on camera if you're
watching this Jake Peter just said you
suck on camera yeah he's so cool your
life he's so cool in real life though
yeah he said really good thing he said
you have quiet strength Eugene over
there swatting but he's just a good
stretch I got him into it
no but like Jake is actually he's he's
just a cool guy to like I like playing
with everyone on the team and I was I
was shocked I thought there was gonna be
beat though yeah other problems but no
like everyone's real cool and and I
don't think anyone has that like ratio
at each other or done anything out of
line yet like we have a great attitude
great team atmosphere and we hold all
our good friends very good what kind of
strength do you have if Eugene has quiet
strength what is your strength
I bring the memes you have meme straight
boom boom straight yeah I have enough
being power for the whole team and
impact to you when impact sees this shit
play he says my eyeballs but he says it
and like his Korean accent so you're
like what the first time I was like what
the fuck did you say and then he's like
my eyeballs so see how I mean it seems
like you're having a good time on this
yeah it's in fun honestly even if we
lost I think we'd go back and we'd
bounced back real fast okay and then you
what's going on tomorrow for you what's
going on tomorrow we play off take I
think I forget who's on the roster
since I did that interview and I think
we're gonna win I mean okay let's follow
up because in the interview with Avila
you said I don't even know who's on
optic you're playing them tomorrow
shouldn't you know who is on this team
uh well it's not like I prepared
mentally for the players on TSM I just
happen to know who they are like I think
there's not a lot of information about
optic otherwise I would know who's on
the roster I mean okay I should know
who's on the roster I'm not gonna excuse
myself out of that one all right I'm not
gonna Eugene do you know who's on the
roster of the team you're playing
tomorrow stop stop stop stop stop I
figured it out somebody told me and so
but I just think like in the beginning
of LCS you can't get a read on a team
unless you watch them play
so why would I waste time I could just
watch them play a match and I'll get to
know them so much more than any sort of
like preliminary investigating that I
would have done anyways so like it just
feels like you're unprepared for
tomorrow's match no I'm gonna go tonight
and I'm gonna prepare okay
so that you're agreeing with me you're
unprepared for tomorrow's match because
you're like yeah I'm gonna go good by
tomorrow's match Eugene are you prepared
for tomorrow's match okay he's ready for
class Drake okay very good
all right do you have anything that you
want to say to any of the fans out there
or to TSM no I'm done talking about TSM
dude why is everyone gonna make it about
TSM what about wonder what you did whole
players from Peter paying what about
Team Liquid because lord knows no
offense I was gonna say fuck you guys
but that's really real I love you guys
thank you for supporting me I actually
fuck the fans who are meeting me but
actually kind of thank you too because
it was really motivating and I I think
I've learned a lot since worlds and I
got a little introspective you know I
got real self-conscious about my play
after worlds but now I'm getting the
groove again so I think that was like a
good breather so um I hate you guys but
you know I love you
is there any anyone out there someone
special that couldn't make it this
weekend even though she tried to get a
ticket that you'd like to give a
shout-out to yeah my mom she's all the
way down there and stuff no no no well
yes that's you but also a body I'm sorry
you couldn't make it
the tickets are sold out don't kill me
check out the rest of my coverage of all
things East works right here on my
youtube channel remember last year when
I told you that double F charged me
$10,000 per interview well unfortunately
you've probably heard that the
franchising situation during the
offseason had a bit of an inflation
experience for everyone and now he's
demanding 15,000 so please please help
me out subscribe to this channel you'll
get more interviews brought to you by
Omni slash and me and you know hopefully
I'll be able to afford another one of
those doublelift interview soon